Task 

- [x] update the TD ameritrade documentation

- [x] apply the argparse to quant-project

- [x] learn to use the observer or what ever to 
  
  - [ ] it turns out observer is not doing the thing we want
  
  - [ ] here we use the notify_order to track the order 

- [x] enhance the current analyzer cash-market with open-value -> despict the broker value is correct on short and sell cases, you still want to know how many open stocks you have

- [x] implemented the RSI indicator on multiple stocks

- [x] adding close/cover-call for short position - 

- [ ] how to track order with multiple instruments/stocks?
  
  - [ ] 

- [ ] Average true range (ATR) indicator and position sizing
  
  - [ ] [ATR and How Top Traders Size their Positions — Raposa](https://raposa.trade/blog/atr-and-how-top-traders-size-their-positions/#:~:text=The%20Average%20True%20Range%20(ATR,price%20volatility)%20doesn't.)
  
  - [ ] ## **Position Sizing 101**
    
    There are multiple ways to reduce your risk, but one of the most basic is completely ignored by your average retail investor: position sizing.
    
    Whether you call it money management, risk management, or something else, the idea is simple — don’t bet too big.
    
    You can get [complicated with your methods](https://raposa.trade/size-really-does-matter-position-sizing-and-controlling-your-risk/), using machine learning techniques, or complex optimization algorithms to find how much you should place on each trade, but there’s a tried-and-true technique traders go back to time and time again.
  
  - [ ] The **Average True Range** (ATR) is a classic position sizing metric used by traders of all varieties. It is designed to estimate the “true” volatility of an instrument so you know how much you can expect it to move on a day-to-day basis in a way that the standard deviation (i.e. price volatility) doesn’t.
    
    ATR does this by taking the difference between the high, low, and close of an instrument, taking the largest value, and then computing a rolling average over a given period of time. In psuedo-code, we’d write:
    
    ```python
    TR[t] = max(abs(High[t]-Low[t]), abs(Close[t-1] - Low[t]), 
      abs(High[t] - Close[t-1]))
    ATR[t] = mean(TR[t-P:])
    ```
    
    First, we calculate the **true range**, then we take the moving average of our true range value for the average true range.
    
    If we want to write this mathematically, we have:
    
    TRt=max(|Hight−Lowt|,|Hight−Closet−1|,|Closet−1−Lowt|)ATRt=1PP∑t=1TRt−P
    
    where *P* is the number of periods we use to smooth, and *t* indicates the time when we make our calculation.
    
    It’s that simple.
    
    So what’s the benefit of ATR over typical volatility measurements?
    
    We call it “true range” because that’s what it’s actually getting at, how much a stock moves over the course of a day. Typical volatility measurements just look at the price from close to close, so you can miss out on how much change occurred during the day.
  
  - [ ] 

- [ ] learn to apply the dynamical sizing on cash-management/or-management 
  
  - [ ] working capital turn over 
  
  - [ ] ## Consider the One-Percent Rule
    
    A lot of day traders follow what's called the one-percent rule. Basically, this rule of thumb suggests that you should never put more than 1% of your capital or your trading account into a single trade. So if you have 10,000 in your trading account, your position in any given instrument shouldn't be more than 100.
    
    This strategy is common for traders who have accounts of less than 100,000 some even go as high as 2% if they can afford it. Many traders whose accounts have higher balances may choose to go with a lower percentage. That's because as the size of your account increases, so too does the position. The best way to keep your losses in check is to keep the rule below 2%—any more and you'll be risking a substantial amount of your trading account.

- [ ] [Risk Management Techniques for Active Traders](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/trading/09/risk-management.asp)[Risk Management Techniques for Active Traders](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/trading/09/risk-management.asp)

- The 1% rule for day traders limits the risk on any given trade to no more than 1% of a trader's total account value.

- Traders can risk 1% of their account by trading either large positions with tight stop-losses or small positions with stop-losses placed far away from the entry price.

- The profit target on these trades should be at least 1.5% or 2%.

- This is just a rule of thumb, and some traders may risk slightly more, while traders with larger account values may risk less than 1%.

- . If you risk 1%, you should also set your profit goal or expectation on each successful trade to 1.5% to 2% or more. When making several trades a day, gaining a few percentage points on your account each day is entirely possible, even if you only win half of your trades.

When setting these points, here are some key considerations:

- Use longer-term moving averages for more volatile stocks to reduce the chance that a meaningless price swing will trigger a stop-loss order to be executed.
- Adjust the moving averages to match target price ranges. For example, longer targets should use larger moving averages to reduce the number of signals generated.
- Stop losses should not be closer than 1.5-times the current high-to-low range (volatility), as it is too likely to get executed without reason.
- Adjust the stop loss according to the market's volatility. If the stock price isn't moving too much, then the stop-loss points can be tightened.
- Use known fundamental events such as earnings releases, as key time periods to be in or out of a trade as volatility and uncertainty can rise.
